Remove section about installing and using "tree" tool from get started tutorial (#2909)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/getting-started/1_02_your_first_ocaml_program.md

**Note 2**: Throughout this tutorial, outputs generated by Dune might vary slightly because of the Dune version installed. This tutorial shows the output for Dune 3.12. If you'd like to get the most recent version of Dune, run `opam update; opam upgrade dune` in a terminal.

The project is stored in a directory named `hello` with the following contents:

```shell

> ├── bin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hello
├── bin
```

└── test
    ├── dune
    └── hello.ml
```

> Unlike in Unix where they contain compiled binaries, directories `lib` and `bin` contain source code files, for libraries and programs, respectively. This is the a convention used in many OCaml projects, including those created by Dune. All the built artifacts, and a copy of the sources, are stored in the `_build` directory. You shall not edit anything in the `_build` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike in Unix where they contain compiled binaries, directories `lib` and `bin` contain source code files, for libraries and programs, respectively. This is the a convention used in many OCaml projects, including those created by Dune. All the built artifacts, and a copy of the sources, are stored in the `_build` directory. Do not edit anything in the `_build` directory, since any manual edits will be overwritten during subsequent builds.
```
